Steps for Hosting a Static Website on Amazon S3:

1) Create and name an S3 bucket, make sure it has the same name as your website domain does.
2) Go to the AWS home page.
3) You'll see that your bucket is empty; we'll fix that soon, but first we need to sort out the settings. Click on the 	Properties tab at the top of the screen to view the various functions available for the bucket.
4) There's some complex settings here, but we only need one; the Static website hosting option. Click on the box to enable 	it.
5) A new form will appear with some data to be added; first, click on the Use this bucket to hose a website radial button to 	enable it, then enter "index.html" (without quotes) in both the Index document and Error document fields, then click 	the Save button. Note the Endpoint URL at the top of the form; this will be useful soon.
6) After saving, your bucket will be ready to be used as a static website host; to view your website you'll need to navigate 	to the Endpoint URL noted in the last step. Of course, your site doesn't have any files yet, but we're going to 	change that.
7) We'll need to get some credentials that will allow the Publii app to upload to your S3 bucket. Click on your username in 	the top menu, and then click on the My Security Credentials option.
8) On the Security Credentials screen, click on the Groups link
9) On the Groups listing, click the Create New Group button
10) In the filter please type s3, then select checkbox near AmazonS3FullAccess policy name. After that, you can click Next 	Step.
11) On the review screen you can click Create group
12) On the user's list screen please click Add user
13) After Giving permissions and creating a user, we obtain credentials of the user.
14) Now copy them both as it will be required to deploy your website with Publii. 
15)With all the options filled out correctly, you're ready to save. Optionally, you can add a Prefix to create subdirectories in your bucket for running multiple websites from a single bucket, but this is not recommended; instead, we suggest leaving this option blank and using one bucket per website. If you're all done, click on the Save settings button to store all your details.